### API Reference

This page gives an overview of all sorceress functions and methods.

+[chromatic](#chromatic)

+[dotill](#dotill)

+[realtimegrid](#realtimegrid)

+[dolboeuf](#dolboeuf)

+[kanizsa](#kanizsa)

+[dakinPex](#dakinPex)

+[bruno](#bruno)

+[ccob](#ccob)

+[ponzol](#ponzol)

+[eyecolour](#eyecolour)

+[tAki2001](#tAki2001)

+[addlines](#addlines)

+[cafeWall](#cafeWall)

+[ebbinghaus](#ebbinghaus)

+[whiteill](#whiteill)

+[enigma](#enigma)

+[blackhole](#blackhole)

***chromatic***<a name="chromatic"></a>

This function process image to generate optical illusion about chromatic adaptation. After a fixation of the center, gray scale image will perceived as a colorful.

Fast spatial tuning in chromatic adaptation is possible as a possible sensory mechanism for linking color constancy to the spatial structure of a scene.

***dotill***<a name="dotill"></a>

An optical illusion mainly affected by lateral inhibition.

***realtimegrid***<a name="realtimegrid"></a>

perceive black and white real time (with webcam) frames as colorful.

***dakinPex***<a name="dakinPex"></a>

An optical illusion about lightness perception.

***dolboeuf***<a name="dolboeuf"></a>

An optical illusion created by Belgian psychologist Joseph Remi Leopold Delbœuf in 1865

***kanizsa***<a name="kanizsa"></a>

A famous optical illusion created by Gaetano Kanizsa.

***bruno***<a name="bruno"></a>

An optical illusion created by Bruno et al. (1997) that used in an interesting experiment.

***ccob***<a name="ccob"></a>

An optical illusion about the spatial frequency. ccob stands for "Craik–Cornsweet–O'Brien" and is commonly called as CCOB effect.

***ponzol***<a name="ponzol"></a>

An old school optical illlusion described by the Ponzo, 1912.

***eyecolour***<a name="eyecolour"></a>

When you run this function, you need to select a region of the image with your mouse.Illusion is about the perceving gray eyecolor as a colorful.
So for best result, i reccomend you to use a clear profile picture.

***tAki2001***<a name="tAki2001"></a>
“Coloured ray illusion ” by Akiyoshi Kitaoka (Kitaoka, 2001).

***addlines***<a name="addlines"></a>

Function add lines to the image to create an illusion to see actual photo. I dont sure can we classify this as an optical illusion but I inspired from the Akiyoshi Kitaoka.eyecolour

If you select `alphablending==True`  line colors are much more stable against the luminance change in the background image. It's because in opencv, when you overlay two images or colors the function called `addWeighted` mixes the colors in very "small tones" but you probably do not even notice. Still, this function which I called alpha blending, is much more stable to luminance change. Use both, in the same way and see what is differs.

***cafeWall***<a name="cafeWall"></a>

This function creates a geometrical-optical illusion called "cafewall"

***ebbinghaus***<a name="ebbinghaus"></a>

An optical illusion that generated by german psychologist Hermann Ebbinghaus.

***whiteill***<a name="whiteill"></a>

An illusion that has been described by White also about the irradiation effect.eyecolour

***enigma***<a name="enigma"></a>

An optical illusion based on the a paper from the Zeki et al (1993) about the motion.

***blackhole***<a name="blackhole"></a>

A recent optical illusion that described by the Laeng et al (2022).
